Just now, I received a lovely and striking narrative poem on Whatsapp. 
By lovely, I mean that it struck a chord in my heart and I am very much moved. 
The poet is unnamed, the name of the poem is “Today's Society”. 
Let me take the privilege of reading the poem so that you too may be touched by it. 
Here it goes! 

Hello, it seems like I have seen you somewhere before. 

Yes, we did use to live in this neighborhood.
I see, so are you looking for someone in particular today?

Right you are, sir, but you see, I am not seing any of the people I knew before. So I was just looking around.

By the way, didn't Verity used to live in that house yonder?

You are right, but the Cunninghams have taken possession of it now. Would you like to meet them? 

No, not really! And how about that house over there?
Oh, you are speaking about the residence of the Constance family. So aptly named, ever conscientious. 
They aren't there any more as well, the house is vacant now. The rumor is that the Greeds are going to buy it in an auction.    

Do you happen to know where they are now?

No, not really. How should I know?

Well, how about the Humanity and the Prudence households? Are they gone too? 

I had heard about them, I believe they used to live over there. Don't see them any more these days. 
Nowadays, The Deceits and the Frauds live in their house. 

I understand. Do you happen to know the whereabots of Honesty? 

Which Honesty? The son of Prudence and the elder brother of Truth? It's a really sad story.
He is suffering from cancer. I hear that he is suffering a lot. 
He isn't going to live long, if you ask me.  

And Shame? Is their house abandoned as well?
Can houses remain vacant these days? But speaking of Shame and Humility, we don't see them any more. 
There house is now lived in by the Nudity and the Agression folks.

And which house would that be?

Do you see that boy over there standing on the road? He is called Desire. And that is none other than the house of our Nudity.

In my time the head of the community were Dignity and Respect. I had some urgent business with them.

You don't say! Dignity and Respect have been evicted from this place, overshadowed 
by Distrust and fueled by rampant slander. And Respect? She fled for her life in a 
dark night, never to be seen or heard of again. Their house is now the property of the
Richmonds and the Disparities. 

Oh! Can you show me the house of the Laughter family?

Ah! You must be talking about Laughter, the sister of Happy. 

You guessed right. They are the ones I am speaking of!

You are so behind the times! They have sold their house to Mrs Lament many years ago and
have left town.
Who is that you speak of? The Lovejoys? No sir. Since the death of Belief, they have never
been heard of anymore. Their house is locked up and deserted.  

Well, is no one of the good old days here any more?

Speaking of the old residents, do you see the five story building on the right? 
Yes, that is the house of Mr. Sadness. It was just a single story house before. Right beside
that, Mrs Pain lives on the top floor of the third story building. 
The foundation of that house is for ten stories, we hear! 
Do you see the house by the field. That belongs to the family of the Cheats. It was just a
small hut in the olden days, but it is like a palace these days. Mistrust rents a floor in there.
And the house all the down there, by the little pond yonder, that is Mrs. Poverty's. That one,
surprisingly, is just the same as it always was.  

And who may you be, sir?
Oh, my friends! My friends! Didn't you recognize me? I am Destiny. You may not have seen me before, but
might have heard of me. 

And who might you two be?

I am Life and she is Peace. You know, we have been waiting for you for so long. 

Please stay with us in our community from now on. What is that you say? Where will you stay? Just tell us which house
you would prefer and it would be yours. But don't leave, I need you.

I am sorry, my friend. Where there is no Faith, Love, Honesty, Dignity or Respect, how could 
Life and Peace be present there?

No, we will move along my friend. But rest assured, we shall neither call any place our home, 
nor shall we stop until we find our worthy friends, who give meaning to life and let peace dwell.
May be in another place, in another time, we will meet again in the 
presence of our truest and most valued friends! But until then, Good Bye!
